February 6, 2015

The main idea behind this project is to learn Kali Linux, a Linux operating system distribution that revolves around network security and pentesting, which means to be able to tap into your own network and test it's security structure. This will be accomplished by learning how to hack into my own computer and other devices connected to the same network. How this will be accomplished will be the tricky part. My current intentions are to use Pwnpi, a pentester linux distribution for the Raspberry Pi - a micro computer that was originally created for educational use. If, along the way, I stumble upon a better program that I can use instead of Pwnpi I will switch to that and document it here. What I have accomplished so far this week is the proposal, and I have just received my pi in mail the other day so I have begun unboxing it. It looks like I will need to put some of it together, but that shouldn't be too hard. After I have it put together, I can begin to install Kali Linux and Pwnpi and then I can finally begin on this project.


February 13, 2015
Project Update: Due to recent issues with deliverables, the main project will now be to write a program using Python on a Raspberry Pi, that can get into a computer or network to test things. Over the past week, I assembled the Raspberry Pi by putting it inside its case and screwing it down with a screw driver. For some reason, it was really hard to screw it in, with the screws stopping halfway, forcing me to drill it into the case. It's in there so tight, that there is now way I'm getting it out again. In fact, after I discovered that a tiny metal vent-looking part was supposed to go in the case along with the Pi, I had to convince myself it wasn't that important. After I got the Pi inside its case, I began plugging in all its components to make sure they work. The only thing left to do now is to install Kali Linux on the micro SD card instead of the NOOBS operating system it came with. A setback that I discovered today was that none of the monitors in the Comp Sci classroom support HDMI, which is the only video i/o that the Raspberry Pi supports. It looks like I will have to bring in my own monitor each Friday in order to work on this. It will be a slight hassle, but at least it will work.


February 20, 2015
After doing some research on the Kali Linux website, I found a good distribution of Kali Linux for Raspberry Pi. I used a Micro SD to USB Adapter to connect my 8GB Micro SD card to my computer and then began the 45 minute download of the Kali Linux file. After downloading that and encountering some difficulties with extracting the .xz file, I finally got Kali Linux on my Micro SD after about an hour. The Micro SD was then slid into the Raspberry Pi and I thus began the installation process of Kali Linux ON the Rasp Pi. Fast forward to half an hour after that and now I can launch the GUI and start to do things. I am kind of familiar with the basic Linux Terminal commands because in a different computer class, we are also working with Raspberry Pis and with the Linux Terminal. I completed the basic setup by connecting to the internet via Wifi-config, installing the basic packages, and exploring the default programs. 

New Deliverables:
March 6 - The program's basic structure will be completed along with a semi-solid understanding of what I'm trying to do (meaning I know how to connect to my computer using the terminal.
April 3 - The program's GUI will be completed with an even better understanding of how it works. It will possibly be able to connect to my computer.
May 1 - The program should pretty much be done and be able to connect to my home network, my computer, and Mr. Schreiber's computer.


February 27, 2015
PROJECT CHANGE - Due to circumstances relating to the complicatedness of Linux, I have decided to change my project from trying to hack with a Raspberry Pi to creating a website for a friend. Web design is something that I'm becoming more passionate about and I think that it would be very helpful for both me and my friend if I created a website for his music career. He goes by The Red Scare and he is an up and coming EDM artist here in Boise. He has already landed a couple of gigs and it would look good on his resume if he had his own website documenting his performances, some of his songs, and just giving more information about him. For this new project I plan to use HTML, CSS, and a little bit of JavaScript in order to make his site look pleasing and to give the most information.


March 6, 2015
The Website right now is at its utmost basic form. It has met most of its deliverables by having pages set up with internal links to those pages on the website. It has a picture as a header on all of the pages and technically some information because the audience learns that this is the official website for The Red Scare. The only thing it doesn't have that was promised in the deliverables is the external links which were pictures that I was going to have on the bottom of each page. They were going to be mapped with the icon they represented. For example - the soundcloud icon would be mapped so that if you clicked on the icon it would redirect you to The Red Scare's soundcloud. There was going to be youtube, twitter, facebook, instagram, and myspace (as a joke). I know I am speaking in past tense as if it's not going to happen, but it still is. I just have to reorganize some stuff first before I just to work on the external links. Then I'll be back on track.


March 13, 2015
The pictures that will link to social media such as youtube, twitter, facebook, instagram, and myspace have been added in as a footer and I have downloaded Bootstrap, a free front-end framework for faster and easier web development. It will take me a little bit to get the hang of it, but with some help from Mr. Schreiber but I think I will get it to work by the end of this project. After looking at some examples of Bootstrap 3 on w3schools.com (my go-to site for help), it looks like I will have to restructure my entire website. It was better to find this out now than later. The last thing I will work on before fully committing to bootstrap is to relearn how to map out external links for pictures. After I have figured that out and have gotten it to work, I will begin my long and difficult bootstrap journey.


March 20, 2015
By far the furthest I've gotten on this project. I spent all of Wednesday night working on this project. I completely remodeled the entire website, actually making it look pretty. The navigation bar has been put it with all the internal links (Home, Music/Downloads, News, Contact, and About) working. Each link redirects to the correct page. "The Red Scare" on the left of the navigation bar redirects to the home page as well and will be replaced in the future with the actual logo instead of just plain text. An 'active' feature has been added to all the pages so you can tell which page you're on. The colors have been modified in the bootstrap.css file to create a central "theme" for the site. As for the body of each page, the title has been created along with the minimal amount of information needed in order to identify the page. The fixed footer was created so that it stays at the bottom when you scroll. Social media links have been added to right side of the footer that direct the user to each corresponding page. For the final touch, I added a line of "site constructed by" text so that I can boost my ego in the tiniest bit.


April 3, 2015
The site is looking better than ever after working on it over this last week and Spring break. I have sat down with The Red Scare himself to talk about how he wants it to look. We have successfully updated his social media and he gave me the correct links to attach to the icons. As of now, they are all up to date and fully functional. The next thing we talked about was the color scheme and how we were going to apply it. I found and used a tool that allows you to pick the color of each aspect of the navbar and it will generate the css code to copy and paste into Bootstrap. The color has since been changed from Black to a deep red to the theme of his name. As for content, the News, Contact, and About pages have been updated with the News and About pages containing a article-like scheme. The last update I made was adding the "favicon" to the title of page with help from Mr. Schreiber. The next step for this project is to add pictures and possibly a carousel at the top of one of the pages.


April 7, 2015
Most of the time this class period was spent working on and delivering the Elevator Pitch. Not much progress has been made since last week due to conflicting assignments at my home school and how busy I've been toward other things. Some ideas I have to work on next for the website would be the carousel thing, of course, and to place a thumbnail for each news article using the div element with classes of row and column. Those are pretty much all I can think of as far as features go, but I still have to add a lot of content. The last time we got together two weeks ago, we took a couple pictures to be featured on the website. Hopefully we can get some professional pictures to be displayed on the site as well, but that will cost money. Now that I think about it, the only productive thing I did this week was add the logo that was created by another one of our friends to the navbar so that it links to home. After the carousel, article thumbnails, and picture content will be completed I will begin learning how to set up downloads from the website so people can download and listen to some of his tracks.
